Welcome and good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I'm going to go over some of the things
that the Lord showed us in our last
prayer video, and I'll go over some
things that are new today that I've
gotten over the last 24 hours praying
with the Lord.
Holy Spirit, I invite
you in this time of prayer. I thank
you, Lord, that it is uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force. Father,
I ask you to pray
through me. Holy Spirit, I ask
you to speak through my vocal cords and
think through my mind. None of me and
all of you, in Jesus'name. Amen.
Holy Spirit, we invite Him and we're so
thankful for Him.
I think the last prayer video was
probably one of my favorites of the year
so far. I don't know how many people
watched that, but it truly blessed me.
Everything the Lord showed me about
the revival with John Kilpatrick and
the churches around America with Perry
Stone—I've
just been
meditating on it, soaking it
in. We can go from one
place to another and just
take for granted what God has done
through this channel and what He's
showing us so gracefully.
Or you can take the moment to pause
and just really
breathe in that fragrance of who He is
and what He's about to do in this earth.
It's amazing. I
don't want to take for granted those
times; they're precious to me. Diana and
I have
been
meditating,
running those things through our
minds and
thinking about what God
said about Pastor John Kilpatrick. I
don't even know them
or
their church, but I've watched some of the
online services
to
catch up with some of the things
he's saying. They're
a
hungry church. He had a
sermon series
in
his archives; I
listened to two of them and they really
blessed me. I was trying to think
of
what it was called,
but
it was phenomenal.
He preaches amazingly.
I encourage
you all
to listen to it.
We've listened to a
bunch of them now
because I
wanted to know if we're right.
Whenever you're hearing in the
spirit
and the Lord's showing you things,
you don't want to be flaky.
I don't
want to be a part of the flakiness; I
want to flow with the Holy Spirit.
If it's off, it's off. I'm not here to
make excuses. If I miss it, I
miss it, but I want to be quick to tell
you.
The Lord is telling me
that He's going to renew his veins and
his arteries,
renewing
his body like the
eagles. The
glory of the Lord is coming on John
Kilpatrick like Moses. I saw him
sitting in a chair on his platform,
and
the glory of the Lord was
tangible in the atmosphere of the
church.
He was like a big papa bear
watching over the flock as the shepherd
of that church. The glory of the
Lord was tangible.
Do you remember I told you mist would
show up in services and, as it
dissipates, it would leave gold
dust on people's skin?
That's what I saw coming
even in his church—a mist of
the glory where the residue of the glory
of the Lord would leave a type of gold
dust. I know there has been mockery
of this, like people trying to
fake it, but the Lord said to me,
'Brandon, there's
going to be an authentic move of this
that
won't be mocked, fake,
or
man-made.'This
is going to be a tangible
visitation of the Lord that nobody's going to be
able to
duplicate other than
Jesus. I saw that at that church
and I saw everybody getting healed. I
saw the glory of the Lord.
I know he's probably getting
older,
but the Lord said, 'I'm about to
give him a second wind, a new
wind of my glory, a new wind of my
presence upon his
church.'What
happened at Pensacola and
the
Brownsville Revival will be times
ten.
I thought that was a very
interesting number when the Lord said
that to me because
usually, the Lord
deals in
double for the trouble
or
sevenfold
a
hundredfold.
He said times ten. The
weightiness of the Brownsville Revival
would be times ten in what's about to
happen at the Church of His Presence
there in
Daphne,
Alabama.
All glory to Jesus; I'm excited
for that congregation. Then He
showed me Perry Stone.
In the vision, the
Lord showed me John Kilpatrick by
himself,
but Perry
had someone standing beside him,
a
younger
person
helping him.
This would be around the clock, 24
hours a
day. I'm talking about
glorious church services that you
just don't want to
unhook from.
Brother Hagin used to say all the
time that sometimes you
just have to unhook
from
a
service. But
what I saw coming were services
that you just don't unhook from until
you feel
it lift.
God's about to show up and show
off in people's lives.
I
saw
massive silos again.
When
I went to heaven before, the Lord
allowed me to see the silos with the
body
parts—eyes,
ears, people that needed creative
miracles.
Those silos were full of parts, and the
Lord said, 'I'm emptying my silos,
Brandon. There's no need for them up here
for what I'm about to
do.'This
will be the greatest grace
explosion,
for
it's the
goodness of God that brings man to
repentance.
Goodness and mercy are about to show
up and show off in your life.
I saw waves,
and these waves
were full of body parts—whatever you
needed: kidneys, hearts, lungs, a
spleen, a pancreas,
or
livers.
I don't want to call them
body parts. A body part is not an organ.
I guess a body part is like
a finger, or hand, or whatever, but these
were
organs—like
what you need to sustain life, what
you have to have. They were inside of
these waves. And as the wave would
crash into the church, into the
revival, there was another wave. You
know how sometimes when
you see a massive wave on the beach,
it takes a little bit of time for
the wave to come back?
These waves were right upon each other.
That's why he started saying, 'The glory,
the glory, the
glory.'Every
time I said 'the
glory,'those
were waves
crashing in and bringing the
supply, bringing whatever
you
needed. And he
said, 'Receive it as a
child.'Remember
what he said? He said, 'It's time for you
to receive it as a child. Don't come as
spiritual adults. Come as little
children unto the Father,'because he
said that's the kind of faith it
takes.
It's like whenever you tell
your little child,
'Honey, we're going to go to the
store,'they
just trust. They just believe it.
There's no doubt; doubt is taught. The
Lord said
it's because of
mistrust.
You might disappoint them, and they
have a seed of mistrust because of
you not fulfilling what you said. But
God is a God that doesn't come up
short. His hand is always full
and ready to give unto his children.
The
Lord said, 'Come to me as little
children.'I
saw
the wave of God's
glory and I saw great
finances. And he said, 'Do you see that
money?'I
said, 'Yeah, I can see
it.'But
a lot of times when he's
talking, I don't tell everything. I'm here
and
I'm seeing—it's all so
real. Everything is what the Lord is
showing me. I saw gold coins. I saw
things that the Lord showed me. Brandon, this is
the outpouring of finances. As I
prayed tonight,
we were seeing the glory
and
the tangible presence of the Lord
in
these services. It was for
the youth; it was for the people.
He said, 'I told you there has to be a
foundation of wealth, a wealth
transfer.'People
go, 'I don't like talking
about it because I'm going to talk more
about the blood of Jesus, I'm going to
talk more about the healing power of
God.'But
there's a part of it because
there's been such a bad taste in a
lot of the body of Christ, especially in
the charismatic circles, about
finances because of things a lot of
preachers focused on in the
past. The Lord said, 'Listen, there's
a new wave of glory.
There's a new wave of my finances for a
remnant of one percent.'Do you understand? It
won't be everybody because he can't
trust everybody with it. If he can't get
it through you, he won't get it to you.
And the Lord said to me, 'I'm
going to bless those that will
help with this end-time harvest.
There's going to be a great outpouring
for the end-time harvest,
Brandon.'And
that's what he was talking to me about, because I
said, 'Lord, tonight,
I'm disappointed inside.'Not 'boy,'but inside of
me,
I'm
disappointed inside for how I've seen
crypto beaten this last week. And I was
like, 'Man, it's kind of a bummer that
it's crashed on me.'He said, 'I told you:
great shakeouts and great fake outs,
Brandon. What part did you not
understand?'I
said, 'Yeah, you did,
Lord.'This
is all just my opinion of what
the Lord told me. That's not financial
advice. I'm not here to give you financial advice
on
what I feel in
my heart or what the Lord is telling me.
You need to hear the Holy Ghost for
yourself. And if the Lord tells you
anything, you go with what he tells you.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
He's not going to tell every single one
of us to do the exact same thing, so I
have to make that clear. I am not
advising you financially
because, you know what? I'm just human.
I could be way flat wrong.
So, it's very dangerous talking
about it, but I'm telling you what I've
been praying about. You have to be a
mature adult and sit and listen.
As I was praying, I've been praying
about those four
doors. And everybody knows, if you've
been praying with me, it's not the last
video, but the Sunday
before, whenever the Lord showed me the
doors. I've been praying
over them, but every single time he always
talks to me about Eric and Don Jr.
'Watch them. Watch them.'I said, 'Why?'Because
you'll
learn something. He
said, 'You'll learn something, son, from
people who have it. Don't you want to
learn from the people who have it? You
don't learn prosperity from poverty;
you learn prosperity from prosperity.
It's taught.'If you've never been
around money before and your family's
always been dead broke and you
go from paycheck to paycheck, you don't
ask financial advice from people who
barely make it financially.
That's stupid.
You look at people who have billions in
the bank and you go, 'How'd they get it?
Is it all legal?'I don't know; it's not
my place to judge. But I look at it and
say, 'When the Lord says pay
attention,
for I'm going to restore the finances of
the Trumps for everything they lost
trying to be obedient to what I
asked them to do.'Donald, I'm going to
restore back the fountain of wealth to
that family.
I'm going to restore what the cankerworm
ate over the last four and a
half or five
years—the
persecution that they received in
New York and the businesses and the
business dealings, the money that they
lost. The Lord said, 'I'm going to
restore it back by three,
and their wealth will multiply during
his term by three, and it may even
multiply by more.'I don't know. I'm
believing God for them. Why
not?
It takes a lot of pressure, and
they've been through a lot as a family.
You say, 'Well,
boohoo, they're billionaires.'You know
what? If you lost billions
of
dollars and you lost it all,
I'm not going to
go down that road.
So, the Lord said, 'Watch
them.'As
I've been watching them,
this is what he said today. Did you see
his little tweet, his little post, and
all his stuff? It's all over the
news today. Did anybody see what Eric
Trump said today?
I thought this was an interesting
recent
comment. Can they see it?
Yeah.
And I thought, 'Well, that's interesting.
It's falling like a rock this
week.'And
he said, 'This is the greatest time to
buy.'All
his little articles are
saying this and that.
And I thought, 'Well, that's
interesting.'That's
interesting because the Lord told
us even in the last video to watch the Trumps,
and I
thought that was kind of interesting.
I'm just saying
you learn from people who have it.
I wouldn't learn from Nancy for what
I've seen about that.
But I just want to give all glory to
Jesus. Isn't he wonderful, y'all?
Because he's trying to prepare us for
something. As I was
praying, even when I went to church
tonight and we had our prayer group,
I sat and listened. And he
said, 'Brandon, you're not believing for
big enough.'I said, 'Lord, I'm
believing
for
millions.'He
said, 'You're not believing big
enough.'I
said, 'Lord, really? I
stretched myself.
What do you want me to believe
for?'He
said, 'I am believing for what I
need for the
billion-soul
harvest. You don't have a clue what
that means. A million dollars
isn't
going to get it.
Two million isn't going to get it,
Brandon.'I
said, 'What about ten
million?'He
said, "That’s not enough
either."I
said, "$10 million ain’t
enough?"I
said, "Lord, $10 million? That’s a lot
of money."He said, "No."He said,
"Brandon,
you need to believe
for hundreds of millions."I said,
"Believe for hundreds of millions of
dollars."I
said, "Lord,
my capacity—you’ve got to
stretch me."He said, "Think bigger.
You’ve
got to think bigger. It’s going
to take a lot to bring in this harvest:
the churches, the finances to bring all
this in."We get excited when a hundred people get born again—I do. We have a
hundred people get born again
and
it’s
pretty much free. You know,
YouTube—thank
God for it. But the Lord
said, "Brandon, there
are
billions of people dying and going to
hell. Over 170,000 people die every
single day, and a great
percentage of them do not know me.
But you’re excited about the hundred
while
170,000 died today, and a
large percentage of them went to
hell."And
the Lord is always stretching
me. He’s always thinking. He makes me
think bigger. And I go,
"Okay."In
my mind, I go, "Thanks for the
hundred, Lord. Thanks for the hundred souls."And
we’re
excited about them. But
he said, "Enlarge your capacity to
believe me for more. You must believe
for the biggest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen.
You must believe for
this."So
as he says that to me, I stretch
because this revival—what’s about to
take place—is going to take great finances.
I’m
telling you folks,
people get all bent up out of shape
about things, but I’m trying to tell you
where he’s at and what
he’s
dealing with me about.
Stretch.
Get beyond poverty thinking, son. Get
beyond poverty thinking. And I say,
"Well, Lord, I don’t like the way the
whole prosperity gospel and all the
stuff was going on about it. I
don’t
like all the
stuff."He
said, "Don’t talk against it.
Don’t
run them
down. Just know. Don’t learn from
what they did and perfect it.
I’ll
do more with you if you just keep
your heart right.
Believe me."But I said, "Lord,
what do you want me to
do?"I’m
always asking, "What do you want me
to do, Lord?"But he was talking to me
about crypto again. And he said, "I told
you that it would be a new industrial
revolution.
A foundation has to be laid.
And there is much foundation that needs
to be laid, for it is the wild, wild west.
And it is too volatile.
And I will bring in
legislation
that will bring a foundation for
stability in the markets in the days
ahead. Watch 2026,
the first quarter. Pray over this first
quarter for legislation in the Senate
to be passed to bring
stability
and regulations so
that it’s
not so volatile. Watch the
Trump administration."And the Lord said,
"Pray for them
for what will be a new industrial
revolution
like it was at the beginning when
Benjamin Franklin found electricity.
It will be the Ai,
capital A, lowercase i."Remember what I
said? He said, "Don’t forget
it."That’s
why I said I camp around these words
because you can go from word to word
just because it’s prayer time
with y’all and not pay attention
to what he’s saying because
he’s
downloading so much to us because
we’re
out of time.
And so this is going to take time. This
is going to take prayer. Do you
understand what I’m doing? I said,
"Yeah, Lord."This is what he said
tonight. And so as I was praying,
I saw a pyramid
come out and it was on the edge of
heaven
and lightning and electricity was
flowing through it. Do you
know how you touch those things at the
science museums and it makes the
electricity touch your hand, but it
doesn't
shock you? You can move it
around on
the ball and it does all kinds of
stuff. That’s what I was seeing. But it
was touching heaven and it was touching
earth,
and I could see earth.
It had its own, and as it was
a pyramid going up. Okay, I have to
explain the vision to you because you
don’t
know, and I have to remember you
can’t
see what’s inside my head. So
the earth had its own like a
cone. It was a funnel, and the funnel was
coming out of heaven and the funnel was
coming out to earth, but it was touching
in the middle.
It was all electric going up and out
of this, and it was touching and
moving. I could see these bolts of
lightning. It was like fire. It looked
like fire lightning—like lightning
bolts. It was like hot blues and
all kinds of things. But it was all like
one of those balls that you touch
that the electricity is coming out of
it. But I could see the touch, and that
was concerning the finances.
I said, "Do you see that?"I said, "Yes,
I do. I’ll pray over
that."What
do you mean? "I’ll keep interceding into
this. What is this heaven touching earth,
as it is in heaven, touching
earth?"And
it was energizing. "Believe me for
bigger.
I want you to stretch your capacity
today.
Believe me that your house will be paid
off. Believe me that your car will be
paid off."That’s what he’s talking about
for you today. That’s what he told me.
He said, "Tell them: believe me for the
house to be paid off. Believe me that
you’ll
owe no man anything, that
all your student loans will be
paid off,
your credit card
debt."God
said, "Believe him for
bigger,"and
I said,
"Okay."But
as I saw the healings and the
finances, it was making the whole man
whole. It all goes around:
spirit, soul, and body.
"Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health, even as
your soul prospers."And people
didn’t
like that. But the Lord said,
"It’s
not just finances. It’s being whole
in every area of your
life."Whenever
the woman
with the issue of blood touched his
garment, he said, "Be made
whole."Everything
she lost over
that time
frame—I
believe it was 12 years—she spent all
that she had but grew
worse. But
he said, "Be made whole."It was
to
restore everything the devil has stolen.
And that’s why he said believe for
bigger when it comes to your
ancestors'seeds
in the ground.
He said, "Brandon, those seeds lie dormant.
Claim them
for your
grandpa’s
grandpa. They’re all that seed."He said,
"Seed don't die, Brandon. It's in the
ground. You just got to claim it. You
got to call it to grow. Cultivate it. There
are
seeds you’re sowing."And he said
it’ll
be a
generational wealth, a generational
blessing that have been dormant seeds. And
that’s
why he even
talked about the slaves,
the African Americans in America, that
your ancestors never got wages
and they were slaves. He said, "Claim
those seeds. Claim that harvest back.
Call that forth.
They were robbed from. They were stolen
from. They worked for nothing."He said,
"Call it forth. Put a demand on that.
It’s
generational. It's your
ancestors'seeds."I
don't want to misquote dates here, but
that's what the Lord said. He said,
"Call those seeds forth.
They may have not got
a harvest;
they may have not got paid, but God
said he's going to bring
restitution
and
retribution
for those
seeds."People
go, "Whoa, boy."No, you need to
believe God, and you need to believe God
for bigger. And the same with the
American Indians:
retribution
for
the land stolen while going on that Trail of
Tears. I saw the Trail of Tears. I saw all
those things. And the Lord told me, "I'm
bringing back the wealth that
was stolen from them,
but you've got to have faith to believe
for it."So, the
African Americans,
the American
Indians—you
know, there's all kinds of
different people that have been done
wrong in society over
all time. Believe God.
Believe God.
The seeds, spiritual seeds that you
sowed. And that's what the Lord said.
Believe God. Believe me. Believe me,
Brandon. I'm a God of what seemed to
be impossible. I'll make it possible. Do
you understand? I will take what
the devil did for bad and I'll turn it
around for good. If you believe me for
it,
I'll restore what the cankerworm ate,
son.
I'll restore it. That's for my
little girl.
The devil came to kill, steal, and
destroy. But God said, "I've come that
you might have life and life more
abundantly. It's time to believe me for
restitution."I
said, "Sevenfold what you stole,
devil!"He
restored the wealth back
to Job.
Job didn't curse him, but God did it for
Job. And guess what? Job didn't have a
covenant like we have.
We have a covenant with Jesus's blood.
And as he is, so are we in this world.
And if God would do it for Job, how much
more will he do it for you?
How much more to a joint heir with
Jesus Christ? As he is, so are we in
this world. And if he will do it for
Job, he will do it for me.
Well, you
don't know. Just because all
my family didn't—all that with
Job didn't happen with me,
thank God. All glory to God that it
hadn't. But I'm just saying there
have
been things that the devil has robbed us
from, and I'm going after it.
He's not a covenant man. We are. This is
covenant.
We have a covenant with El Shaddai. My
God will provide. We have a covenant
with El Shaddai. He is more than enough;
he
is
Jehovah Jireh. He will provide.
You need to know that God wants to
restore back everything the devil stole
in your life. Not just your health,
everything. And that's what he's been
talking to me about.
So, I always try to update you
and tell you, even if you don't want to
hear everything I have to say, I tell
you what the Lord's dealing with me
about. And I'm just like, "Okay, God,
I'll stretch. I'll believe for
bigger. Drive around in the nice
neighborhoods,
drive around in West Palm Beach.
The wealth of the sinner is laid
up for the righteous."And I say,
"Lord,
I'm not coveting.
If they could
have it, how much more could I
have?"That's
why I try to look at
the nicer stuff
and say, "Look, I'm a king's
kid."She
tries to tell me about my weight all
the time, exercising, taking care of
yourself, maintaining a
healthy heart.
That's why I'm drinking my Jamba Juice
again tonight.
I got my mango in there tonight. I
wanted to do something different than
the greens because I was like, "This is
nasty after a week of it. I got to do
something different."So, I got some
fruit. I got some mango and some
pineapple and stuff with no sugar.
So, people wanted to know what I saw
more about Candace. And I don't want
to talk about this for long, but I'll
tell you this because of the post I made on
X and her statement that she made
about France and all the things that she
said. I thought it was kind of
interesting that we prayed over her.
But the Lord said
to
me—can
I say all that? I had to.
What I saw coming
was tragic.
How do I say that? It was because
this is so raw. It's so live. What I saw
coming when I'm praying
over this was—remember the rabbit hole.
The rabbit hole was a conspiracy you'll
find to not be—it will
turn out to be not a conspiracy so much
after all.
I've been praying about that
because it's so controversial and so
many people say, "What does this have to
do with... what are you talking about? Show
me more."I know
that I see it. "What is
it? What are you showing me?"A conspiracy
as the rabbit hole is not a rabbit
hole. A rabbit hole will not be a rabbit
after all. A conspiracy will not be so
much a conspiracy. That's what he said.
A conspiracy will not be so
much a conspiracy. So what is the
conspiracy about? The Lord said, "I'll
just go."The Lord said, "You can say
this."When
the Lord said to us, if she keeps
going down the rabbit hole, it will
rob her of her life
because of the fact that he said, "I
have more for her to do. I have a great
plan for her."But as the conspiracy
becomes the
reality—I'll
be careful. I saw a tragic
accident,
a plan
that was planned
to make it look like—do you remember
Princess Diana?
It was bigger because as she was looking
at the emails.
Those eyes become so
full of the black hole.
There was a plot and a plan to make it
look like an accident
like Princess Diana.
And that was very controversial even
then, if I remember correctly. I was
just a young kid. But that's what the
Lord said. "Don't forget Princess
Diana."And
I said, "Princess Diana,
and what
happened?"It
was a tragic thing that happened. And
he even showed me the vehicle that would
be used.
He showed me the whole thing, but it was
a lone wolf person. It was
somebody who was obsessed.
It wasn't a government.
It wasn't all the conspiracies of
the digging that she's doing.
It was somebody that was just nuts
that had planned and had
plotted and pursued this young
family. And it was made to look like
it was an accident
because this person thought it all out.
And it was with a bigger vehicle
and I saw part of it. It wasn't a Charlie
Kirk thing.
Most people said, "Did you see
her get shot, Brandon?"No, no, no.
I did not. I saw something that was
made to take her out that was made
to look like an accident.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for
her, for I have much for her to do.
I have much for her to do and it will be
involving politics in the days ahead.
But if she keeps going down the rabbit
hole,
there's danger for her."And I said,
"Okay."So
that's why I brought it to
you again.
I didn't want to
talk about it. I leave it alone, but I
see what I see.
And I saw it almost looked
like—I'm
going to be real with
y'all—it
looked like a white mini, it
looked like a big white cargo van.
There was something with a white—I saw a
1980s
Chevrolet-looking
cargo van looking
like a Ford, you know, one of
those big box vans. Something to do with
this. And I thought, "What is this
van?"And
as I was looking—that's why
I don't always share everything with
y'all. But I thought I'd
tell you
and this is what I saw. And a conspiracy
that won't be so much a conspiracy, but it
was a lone wolf person. It had nothing
to do with a government. It had to do
with somebody who just had a screw
loose that watches her
that was angry.
So hold on. You want to tell them hi
real quick? I have to go check on mama.
See if she wants to pray with
me. We're just going to pray. I
don't want her to watch Billy Burke
without me because tonight he had
a service and I always look forward to
it.
She's getting refreshed. She goes,
"I'm in here getting
fat and sassy
spiritually."So,
I'm like, "Okay, I'll let her rest.
Let's pray."And I went over that.
Did I make any sense what I just
said? It's so hard
to come on here. It was so public, all
that I've seen, and boy, I got a
lot of hate over that. But you
know what's wonderful about Jesus is
that he always gives us chance
after
chance to change. And he
warns us about things to come
way before they happen because he gives
us time to repent and turn. But he's
looking for more and he's saying, "Hey,
I want to do something with that young
woman's life."I want to do
something so much more,
but if you keep going down the rabbit
hole, I saw a crazy person.
And I thought, "Is there a
major thing about her life or
whatever?"And
he said, "Pray for her, Brandon.
Pray for her,
for there will be
a
tragic event on
purpose, made to look like
an accident. Did I make that
clear? It would be a tragic event on
purpose, made to look like an
accident."And
he said, "Remember
Princess
Diana."That's
what the Lord said.
So y'all do with it what you want.
But I pray for her and
her peace, and I pray for her to
get radically born again. Everybody
says
she's Catholic. I
told you what I'm believing for. I want
to be a baptized, Holy Ghost, water-walking,
tongue-talking
Christian.
That's what we are, you know, and most
people who join me up in here are
radical about this. Did I say
everything I was supposed to?
I flow with what I took notes on.
If you
want to go over last night, you should.
Well, I didn't want to skip. I talked
about the river
and
the waves.
It
will
be a type of shadow like the
children leaving Israel. It
will
be like the children
leaving Israel. He said none of them
were sick—none of them. They all left
with Egypt's wealth. They left
with the blessing. They left, and none of
their clothes or sandals wore out.
They left with the blessing and with healing. And then he said, "Brandon, I did it for them, and I'll do it again."That's
what the Lord said. I thought that was pretty cool. You can see the children of Israel, and
they left with
the
blessing.
I love "The
Ten Commandments,"you know, with Charlton
Heston.
I guess that's how I
say his name. And that's one of my
favorite scenes, whenever they're
getting the blessing and they
blow the horns. I play that all the time
whenever there's a major
breakthrough in our lives. I always play
that on my speakers as
loud as I can in the car.
Braden and the kids always laugh, and I say,
"Oh, hear ye, children of
Israel."I
go, "Hey, God's parting the sea
for us today. Believe Him for big
things."He
delivered the children of
Israel; He'll deliver you. And so I
believe it with all my heart. But
like I said, if you haven't watched that
video, go back and watch it instead
of me just rehearsing everything.
Do you think I
hit it pretty hard?
I did the great witnesses, too.
Oh, yes, Kathryn Kuhlman. That was cool.
She was on the edge. Thank you for
reminding me of these things. She was on
the edge, and Kathryn Kuhlman was
anticipating what was about to happen.
But listen, she believed me that
there would be services where no one
would be sick among them—none of them.
The whole
auditorium would be healed. She's
anticipating because she didn't see the
full manifestation of what she was
praying for and believing for in her
time. But she knows what's about to
happen, and the silos are being
emptied.
She was watching with expectation
what's about to happen on the earth. She
still had the bell sleeves, the
white outfit. You know how she was on
the earth. She was looking at the great
cloud of witnesses,
including
your family that has
gone
on before us. But Sister Kuhlman was
younger. Her skin looked like
Botox—I
kid you not. Her face had no
wrinkles. I always watch the videos
where her face looked old, but she was
fresh. She looked young and was
anticipating with her
cherry-looking
hair. It was beautiful. As I
watched her, Braden, she was
looking over and this was cool.
It looked like a well
that they would come up to.
It had cobblestone
all on this well that was beautifully
made. The well was a portal
like a TV screen. Do you know how you
can walk up to a lake and see a
reflection, but if you put your
finger in it, it makes
ripples and you can't see it very
clearly
anymore? That's what this looked
like. But it was clear like a TV screen.
There was a portal like a well, and they
would walk up to this to see what they
wanted to see that was going on in the
earth.
I guess they just think about what
they're wanting to see.
When she
walked up to it, she wanted to see
the revival that's about to take place.
Remember I told
you about Lucy and all the
prayer people who have gone on before
us? They were interceding and praying.
They don't get tired, and they were
interceding for the revival. Brother
Halverson and them were praying for the
revival in Minnesota and the sprouts
that came up out of that.
The seeds were laid in
a
foundation of prayer. The prayers of the
righteous, the prayers of the
saints—they're
like seeds,
and they're springing forth. They go
before the Father and they never die.
It
was growing fresh
in those pews
of a living word in Minnesota.
Like I said, we've seen so
many beautiful things on this channel,
but I saw Kathryn Kuhlman looking and
she was anticipating what's about to
happen. She was excited about a
major revival. She was looking into
the portal getting ready,
like at the
beginning of a show. You have your
popcorn and your Coke
and you know what's coming.
The silos have been emptied.
And she's like,
"Let's watch the
show."He
said, "This is the grand finale. This
is what we've all been waiting for."And
Kathryn Kuhlman
was waiting on the
other side watching, and I could see her
through a portal. I
thought that was really cool.
I saw it in Africa and
the... what tribe was it? You say
this tribe right
here—the
Maasai.
I don't know if I'm saying it right;
we've
probably been butchering the name.
They were jumping,
and their chests were pumping out.
As they were jumping, the glory was
like olive oil dripping off of them.
The Lord said, "I'm going to visit
Africa."As
the wave of the glory and the
healings came, I could see this tribe
jumping and
making a clicking noise. I could
hear clicking
in
the
spirit—it
was strange, but
I could hear
it.
I saw them jumping and saw the
glory come on the people.
He said,
"There's going to be a major
move of My
presence."I
could see it,
and it went all over South America,
then South
Korea. A major rock
came out of prayer and hit in the
middle, causing a tidal wave
that
went all over
Alaska and Hawaii and
spread throughout all of Asia.
And He said, "Upon this rock, I will
build My church, and the gates of hell
will not prevail against
it."I
thought that was really cool
as we were praying. I know you
probably watched the last video and
wondered
why I'm rehearsing all this
stuff. Because it was beautiful.
What's the hurry?
We're in such a hurry to go nowhere.
Isn't it beautiful what He shows us is
coming? I just get excited about it.
And I saw a
blonde-headed
girl in Australia. And the
Lord said, "A fragrance, a
sweet-smelling
fragrance of new worship will
come from this girl."And I saw her with these
goldilocks.
She had blonde hair. It
was curly looking. She was
writing music and she was a young girl.
And the Lord said, "Fresh new sounds
from heaven are coming to
Australia."A
new wave
of fragrance is coming to Australia
of new worship. And I saw a brand new
fragrance of worship coming out of a
major lily.
And it was beautiful colors. It was
fragrance before Him as
sound waves were
coming up out of this flower in
Australia.
It was beautiful.
All glory to Jesus.
John G. Lake where we saw Oregon.
John G. Lake in Oregon.
I saw a fresh wave of His
presence and He said it was known in
Portland, Oregon, the area before,
and I'm going to
do it again. He said
there's going to be like a John G.
Lake
healing. There will be
so much healing and so many manifestations
of the glory.
I'm telling you, I don't think you all
realize what's about to happen. Heaven
is going to invade earth with His
church. For it is the goodness of God
with the greatest grace explosion.
Something you can't earn and
something you don't deserve
with what's about to happen with this
earth
for one last push, one last call:
a major harvest to match all
harvests
we've ever had before,
with signs and wonders and the glory
more than what anybody has ever seen
before. Azusa Street on steroids.
Remember this. It won't just be one
place.
That's why I say I feel like fire shut
up in my bones.
Thank you, Father, for what You're about
to do on this earth.
Thank you, Father, for our president.
Thank you, Lord, for this week as we
are
here. I'll pray with you all for a little
bit. It's been going for an hour, but
Father, we thank You for the
body we lift up before You.
If there's anything You want
to show me tonight, Lord, I thank You
that we're always here waiting.
I'm always
just sitting at Your feet thanking You,
Father, for all that You've showed me so
far. And Lord, if You never showed me
anything else, I'm so grateful.
Lord, I realize that You could use
anybody.
I realize, Father, that there
are
6,000 people on the
other side of this camera right now that
are so hungry and so desperate. You can
use every single one of them. But
Father, You choose to use me today. I
thank You, Lord. In the past, You've
used me and we've
flowed with You. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that we do it again.
We keep going before You, Father,
boldly. And Father, when we miss it, we
pick ourselves up and we keep going.
Lord, we thank You, Father, for Your
body. We thank You, Lord, for all that
You've done for us. Father, we
don't have to have sickness and disease
in us. As He is, so are we in
this world. By Your stripes, Lord,
we're healed. And we give You glory,
honor, and praise for it in the mighty
name of Jesus.
Amen. Lord, we take the
blood and we apply the blood of Jesus
over us tonight. We apply the blood over
my mind, over me. And I thank You, Lord,
as
I said earlier, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. I apply the blood. We hear
the Lord's voice, and a stranger's
voice we will not follow. No evil comes
nigh us. Father, we thank You, Lord, in
Jesus'mighty
name. We make much of the
blood, and the blood makes much of us. We
apply the blood, Father, over our house,
over our finances, over us, God. And we
believe You for big things
in Jesus'name.
Amen.
He washed our sin away.
You've
got to take the lid off,
Brandon. I got this new water.
Instead of a plastic bottle,
it's a glass bottle. And it's green.
Is it blending?
Oh, partially. It's both green.
Well, it's glass and I'm trying
to get away from those
microplastics.
D's always talking to me
about this plastic stuff; it's leaking
into our stuff.
So, I try and get a glass bottle every
once in a while.
I think it's neat to touch it.
I mean, it's for real.
Of course it is, right?
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your
body, for Your blood. I thank You,
Father, for all that You've done.
And instantaneously, Lord, I'm looking at
Thanksgiving Day.
I see Macy's.
What is this about
Washington? I see.
Father, we pray over Thanksgiving. We
pray over the
traffic, over all the air travel. We pray
over our nation, Father, that every
plan, every plot, every
demonic attack that's planned rogue,
Father, we call for an exposing in the name
of Jesus and the air
lanes.
That is so wild.
Did you hear that jet flying so low?
We are just praying over air traffic
like that. And
over the football games, over the
parade, we call a hedge of protection
around and about. No rogue events, no
lone wolf attacks. We call every
attack—these
attacks around the
Christmas tree lightings and the get-togethers
for
the holiday
festivities, all the beautiful
celebrations. I say in the name of
Jesus Christ, the blood of Jesus
Christ covers these families.
I'm seeing it again. More
danger around the Christmas
trees.
I see more Christmas tree lightings
trying
to be disrupted with violence.
I keep seeing it even with
Rockefeller. Do you remember? I keep
seeing glimpses in towns
of
planned
lone wolf attacks
to disrupt the holiday. Did you hear
what He just said?
To disrupt this Christmas season
on Black Friday, all the malls, all the
people shopping.
This is highlighted big.
Okay, but it's not just around
America. It's in Europe.
There's a plan in Europe
and the shopping malls in
Europe.
Germany's before me. France before
Germany.
The Vatican
during Christmas
Mass—it's
highlighted before me.
And I see a drone. Do you hear me? I see
a drone. A rogue drone.
Tell them. He said,
'Tell
them.'This
is like a drone that you get at
Best Buy.
It's shaped like this.
Watch the drones in the days
ahead. Rogue drones. An escalation
of using drones
for terrorist activity.
Watch the drones.
They've rigged them with explosives just
enough to be dangerous.
Do you remember what I said about
even on New Year's Eve? The flash. I see
it again.
Yeah, it's about the drones
around the Christmas trees.
This is to do with Europe. I'm seeing
Europe and it's highlighted before me.
I see Zelensky's face.
A desperation will set in. A
backed-in-a-corner
within.
But watch
Macron.
Remember I told you he'll go rogue.
Remember what the Lord said
about him: he will become the
Ishmael
to the Antichrist.
He is the Ishmael.
There is a spirit behind him that will
be like Hitler.
It's a way
of
thinking. The Lord says it's a thinking.
They don't want to deflate this war;
they want it to soar.
They don't want it to sizzle
out; they want it to go up. It's what
funds the Euro. There's
money involved. There's a turning of
money. I see the Euro.
And as you remember the Lord said, don't
forget he cracked his whip.
Trump was the tamer and he cracked
his whip against the bear. He cracked
his whip against the
dragon and it tamed them for the season.
I see him cracking his whip. He's
cracking his whip. He wants
peace. But
they don't want peace.
They're two-faced.
I see Zelensky and
he's looking over here saying, "Look,
what do I do now?"That's what he said. "What do I do now?
Do you hear me?
What do I do now?
What do we do now?"He's looking
towards
Macron.
He's turned his back and he's sweating
and he doesn't know what to do. So he's
looking to Macron, and Macron has a
plan. This is—oh, I can't say that out
loud.
Okay. Germany,
France,
Italy,
Poland,
UK,
the United Kingdom,
a coalition with all of them.
There's more of them. And
even Mark
in
Canada.
Oh, I see George.
I see George.
Why do I always see him in Europe,
influencing Europe? I see him always in
Europe.
Doesn't he live in New York?
But I see him in Europe and he's
influential.
He's talking to
Macron.
They have their own plan. Remember,
Trump stands alone.
It's like he tries to flex, crack his
whip, but he's standing alone. They want
to do this, but this has
to do with the money.
I see money.
And it has to do with
trafficking.
It's a demonic spirit that's feeding
this.
I see a demonic spirit feeding it.
It's like Baal, you know,
the more this
devil requires,
it gives it strength through this
demonic activity. And that devil is
requiring payment.
That's what I hear. It's a
demonic spirit that's requiring payment,
and it's paid through
sexual—it's
demonic.
It's very disgusting.
Acts against the young,
acts against the children. And it's all
perversion.
And this is over Europe.
Trafficking.
I'm not even going to say that out loud.
Watch Rome. Watch Rome.
Underground tunnels.
I see lights like with torches, and
they're underground catacombs. They're
tunnels
and there's fire on the torches
underneath Rome.
I won't even say where they're
going.
Oh Father,
exposing all of this darkness.
Now this
has to do with the drones
and I see New York. Look at this.
Last time when we went there, we went
from New York and we saw
an escalation.
It tries to keep you in this,
tries to
entrap
you.
Remember I told you when I saw New York
and Times Square and it went from there
and I said there was an arrow that went
into Ukraine?
It went into Ukraine
and
I saw
Zelensky
and he was desperate.
He wants the
red-tip
missiles to shoot them
for an escalation of greater war.
I saw
Romania
and these other areas trying, and
that's an escalation of this. It was the
biggest strike on Poland.
What did Macron say to the
EU?
The agreements.
There is trouble
in Venezuela, there's trouble in
Mexico, and then we have this drama going
on up there.
Remember he said, "don't forget
black swan
events."We
call
every one of them deflated, that they
will not produce harm on any of our
people of any nation. We
thank you, Lord. A deflating
in
Jesus'name
of every plot, every plan over our
nation, over us.
You need to be alert.
I've seen danger.
You need to be alert to your surroundings
when you go into malls.
If you go shopping,
if you go to parades, if you go to
tree-lighting
ceremonies and they're
celebrating Christmas,
you need to be alert and you need to
watch your surroundings.
Do not just be flippant. This is not a
time—I'm
not trying to tell you to fear.
I'm trying to tell you that you need to be
wise and watch your children. Keep them
close to you. Don't let them
run
off. Watch your kids,
watch your family, and be
really alert. This is a time
to be alert when you're going into
malls. Don't let your guard down. Watch
for people alone.
Watch them
during this Christmas season. This is in
Europe and in America, what I'm seeing,
and drones. If you see drones flying
next to you, run. Get away from them.
Walk quickly away from
drones.
If it looks like it's just
flying around and being weird,
be very watchful. I know that they
use them for TV and things like that,
but this is very serious.
Watch drones.
Braden, has this been said before
as he tries to back out?
They'll try to make him come in. They'll
try to escalate this within a black swan
event. I remember the Lord saying this
before.
I'm hearing it again. As Trump tries to
back out, they'll try to pull him
in again. They want war. War
is what they want
in store. They're on
their war machine.
We pray a deflating of this.
Zelensky
is not a good man.
He is a dark person. And there's
bad money with this man.
Dirty money.
And that's our tax dollars.
The Lord said,
"That's your tax dollars."And there's a
funneling of the money.
Father, we plead the blood over our
nation, over New York City, over Miami,
over Los Angeles, over
Nevada, Reno,
Las Vegas.
We pray over
Atlanta,
and
Atlanta's airport through this
Thanksgiving season. Father, we pray
over Atlanta;
every hidden thing
be revealed. Every plot,
every plan in Charlotte, North
Carolina.
I'm seeing
it highlighted.
Pray over
Furtick.
The churches, the
mega-churches,
they're highlighted before me today. The mega-churches
are
a great distraction.
I see a shaking to awaken.
There's a shaking coming in Africa.
There's a shaking coming
in the churches.
There's corruption in a mega-church in
Africa. Great corruption.
I
see it. And it's high. The Lord said
there's great corruption. And there will
be a cleaning of the house
in
a
mega-church
in Africa. This
is
a
mega-church.
Great darkness there,
though
it presents itself as light and
a lot of glory. But
just below the surface,
there's great corruption there.
Lord, the things you show
me—you
said you're going to clean your
church, for judgment begins in the house
of the Lord first.
I'm very watchful over what I say.
Don't lump everything I say
together.
When
I'm talking about praying over
Furtick's
church and all that, those are separate. But
when I'm talking about Africa, I have to
address that immediately. These
are two separate visions.
The Lord said,
"Pray for safety and then an exposing of
darkness."I
have to make that
clear because people will ask, "Are
you talking about
Steven Furtick?"No,
that's not what I said.
There are two separate visions.
This
church over here, pray for their safety.
This church over here, there's a
cleaning of the house.
Two different things.
Pray for his safety.
So, did I make that clear enough?
Because I'm in the spirit and I'm
seeing over, and the Lord corrected me.
He said, "You need to make that clear,
Brandon."I
said, "Okay,
you're the only one in
here."Glory
to God.
He keeps saying, "Watch
Macron."I
just heard it again; it echoed. He
said, "Watch
Macron.
Watch
Macron."He's
giving
an
instruction.
The people that are meeting with
Lucifer,
Satan...
there
are
these three.
There's one over America, a very big
businessman.
He meets with the devil. There's one in
Asia who meets with the devil, and
there's one in Europe.
They have two principalities
assigned to each one of them that
are very influential
demonic spirits that help them with
their finances, telling them what to do.
The man that is over in Europe is
talking to Macron and instructing him,
and they're getting it straight from
Satan's throne,
the principality of the earth there,
and it's trying to
manipulate the end-time stuff.
The one in Asia... Why are you
grumpy? I love you.
Because Braden knows who they are.
But there's one in the Middle East,
there's one in South America,
and they're very influential
businessmen. You always follow the money
because that's Satan's wheelhouse:
big money.
You have the founder and you have the
creator.
He is the creator of this and that,
and so you have these people that
I've told you are getting...
I believe
they're part Nephilim. They're
demonically
energized.
They're not totally human the way they
think; it's not normal.
This is on another level.
But because Satan's
wheelhouse
is money, you always see his people,
the ones that are listening the
most, have big bucks. They're worth
billions,
but they're the ones that influence
politics.
Macron,
the
president, prime minister, whatever, of
Germany, Italy,
England—I
told you with the
King—and
then it goes down to Mexico and
the trafficking, and all that. It's all
connected, like an inner
working
of a networking, but it's all demonic.
This is Satan's wheelhouse: how he
tries to dominate areas and
bring in his poison.
That's why I said that devil
requires sex trafficking. What I just
saw was a demonic spirit, and it had
horns and what looked
like a pig face. It was over Europe and
they were having
instruction from
that demonic spirit: "If you want to
remain in power, if you want me to help
you, you've got to feed that demonic
spirit."It's
a pig and it requires
payment.
But those people have yielded to
it. As you yield to
principalities and personalities,
it gives them power through demonic
strongholds.
They're witchcraft;
it's a cult. That's what the Lord
was showing me: blood
sacrifice and demonic stuff. Like I've
told you, they were summoning in
Berlin,
Germany, the old Hitler
spirit with that knife thing.
They were doing satanic
practices,
and I saw these elites doing this stuff.
I'm telling you, it goes clear back
to the Illuminati and the darkness that's in
this stuff. The Lord shows me, and
that's why I'm trying to tell you, they
want escalation of war because this is
what brings forth the
Mahdi.
I usually don't allow this kind of stuff
to go live like this,
but the Lord's letting me
see it right now. It's
very heavy stuff, but
I think he wants you all to
realize that
there's darkness beyond what
the Monday-through-Friday
Christian realizes.
It's great darkness,
and there's stuff that I get on these
trails and things I'm praying over.
The Lord reveals a lot to me and
he'll show me, "This is what's going on, the
inner
working of Satan's
kingdom,"and
most people in the body of Christ have
their head in the sand. They're
going to their soccer
match,
to the movies,
watching
Netflix,
going
to church on Sunday for
their
little 30-minute sermon, and getting
ice cream afterwards.
But you don't realize what's
going on in the spirit realm. They
are
active. They do not want us
to be successful with this great harvest
of souls, and they are trying so hard to
kill, steal, and destroy. They're
planning and plotting how to do the
things they want to do, and they use
billions of dollars there. Show me
that picture. What is going on
there?
The
jets—him
buying 100 jets.
That's Macron and Zelensky. So
he bought 100 jets,
something like that.
I
told you Zelensky and
Macron were
doing buddy deals
for military equipment right there.
I'm telling you he's looking to Macron.
Zelensky's
looking and he's
turning his back. He's going to get desperate. Zelensky
is going to get desperate and
he's going to
turn more to
Macron.
They want war.
They're
two-faced.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father.
But the bottom line, Lord, how
we end this tonight is praying over our
people for protection over
our holiday Christmas shopping,
for the trees and the festivities, and
all of our families. When we're going
out, we're not going to walk in fear.
For perfect love casteth out all fear,
but we're wise and we know that the
enemy has a plan, but you have a greater
plan. For there are more with us than
there are with them. We're not going to
be afraid. We're going to have fun and
we're going to enjoy life.
We thank you, Father.
We're so thankful, Father, that
you show us every plot, every plan,
every pursuit of the demonic. Father, there
will
be no lone wolf shootings,
no more drone attacks or
anything.
Father, we're always in the
right place at the right time. Our
FBI, Homeland Security,
local law enforcement,
and
Sheriff's departments are always more
attentive and they're watching to
make
sure that we're safe. We
pray a hedge of protection around them.
Father, may the FBI expose
the darkness within and that we will not
have this, in Jesus'name. And that's
including Europe, Israel,
all the areas. Father, there's
supernatural protection within you
all.
I just need to camp here
for a second.
I'm seeing more and I don't want to
just have to keep talking just because I
don't like silence.
It's awkward for you all, but I don't
chatter when I'm looking over.
When I'm at home and private,
I'm silent. I just look and be quiet and
I'm praying within. But when I'm
carrying a flow of 7,000 people, it's a
lot different for me. I'm learning,
but I'm seeing Israel highlighted before
me. I see Turkey and I'm
curious
what
this
is.
They're regrouping. That's what the Lord
just said. They're regrouping.
They're working on their supplies:
Syria,
Turkey,
Iran,
Hamas.
You trust so easily
in
wanting to prove peace. You trust
too easily. I hear him
talking about Trump
wanting to prove peace, wanting
to stake your claim on your
presence, wanting your name to be
known. You trust too easily.
He's talking about the prince. He's
talking about you. It's like you
try to come in like a bulldozer and
you're going to do this, but you try to
use your power and your authority
because of the United States of America,
but you trust too easily.
All they know to do is lie.
He's talking about the Muslim
lying. What is highlighted is
lying. They're lying. They are okay to
lie.
I hear that they're okay to lie. The
Lord said,
especially to you because you're not
part of them,
he's talking about the Muslim
Brotherhood.
You are not a part of them,
so it's okay to lie to you.
It's like a code.
You hear me? It's like a code.
The Muslim Brotherhood is like
the—but
you trust too easily.
The Lord said to pray for his discernment
today.
Pray for him to have discernment.
You trust too easily.
It's about ruling and reigning. It's a
chess match in their eyes.
They'll keep going from glory to glory,
Lord. We'll keep going from glory to
glory. We'll keep going, Lord. With all
that I keep saying, Father,
I see Syria highlighted before me. That
man is dark.
That man is a bad man.
He has private meetings;
he has hidden meetings.
We got to pray for JD Vance to win
in
2028.
We got to make sure
there's no new Watergate.
The enemy would try to derail the next
term. And I see JD Vance at the helm as
a major face. Do you understand?
And the enemy would try to
tempt him with a new Watergate.
And I see it again. This has
to do with Syria. And I see
Syria waiting and plotting and planning
behind with the brother because he's
two-faced—the
man that's
over Syria.
So they're all kind of watching to see
what Trump does. I'm watching him. I'm
watching Europe. I'm watching the Middle
East. And he's the 800-pound gorilla in
the room.
Trump has to finish his term,
making sure he's drinking okay,
with his veins, with
all this. They would want him to go
away. Do you understand?
JD Vance is the next in line. I see him
highlighted before me. But
the enemy would try to take him
down with the temptation of a new
Watergate.
But we must pray for him to finish his
course, that we do not have the next one
that they have in line—the one that's
being groomed.
I told you, the Democratic groomer
that would talk with a sharp tongue like
Obama.
This is the plan coming.
They're trying to groom somebody else.
They don't have a good leader, but they
want a new one. And this new one is
being
demonically energized. And I see
this one. I see him. But they want to
take this one down with a new Watergate
scandal.
You see who's coming back in the
picture?
He came to the White House a couple days
ago:
the tech billionaire.
We got to pray for him to finish for the
next term. God's looking into the next
three and a half years. You know
what's going on.
So, I'm talking to y'all. We don't
pray for it to happen, right?
When you're praying
behind, you got to go ahead. He's
already talking about 2028. What's going
to happen in this year for 2026 and the
midterm? We don't wait until July to
pray about it. You don't wait until
2027 or 2028 to go, 'Well, it's almost midterm.'For
the
presidency, we got
to get ahead of
this. And the Lord said
'Watergate.'He's
talking about it again tonight.
This is influence. We need
strong leaders in our country even
after Trump is done.
We occupy until he comes.
This is serious.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Father.
We pray over JD Vance and we thank you,
Lord, that he doesn't make any stupid
decisions,
that he will not make any dumb decisions
as a vice-president or even as an
upcoming president. He will not make
dumb decisions. And President Trump will
finish strong with better
discernment—better
to discern strong and finish
strong in his health, over his veins, over
his heart, over his body, that he would
finish strong and that his children
would be protected: Eric, Don Jr.,
Tiffany, Ivanka, and
Barron.
We thank you, Lord, for a major
protection over them and over the
marriage. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you guide them and they're always
in the right place at the right time.
The Secret Service is protecting them
and doing their job with the greatest
capacity they could ever do it.
And I thank you, Father, for Supreme
Court judges, that they'll rule in our
favor concerning what you want done.
That Amy
Coney's
heart
softens
even with the things that she knows
that she's angry about. You showed me
that we pray over her heart, that she's
not angry,
that she does this, Father, that we
finish our job and finish strong.
Father, you're coming soon.
We pray over our Supreme Court judges.
We pray over the judges over this
station, that there's a hedge of
protection around them and they're not
demonically influenced by any satanic or
demonic force. Father, they would finish
their job in Jesus'name and there would
not be any blockages, that there would
be a great harvest of souls in
Jesus'name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, over every
pastor, over all the
megapastors.
Father, there'll be a stirring
in their hearts to do what's right and
preach that Jesus Christ is coming.
And we thank you, Father, for the
finances, that they turn around and
there's a supernatural wealth transfer
over our nation in Jesus'name. And we
give you all the glory, honor, and
praise for it.
I hope the way I've delivered
this tonight has not been too confusing.
I try to filter it as much as I can
before I deliver it. And there's a lot
of this I just don't feel comfortable
saying until I pray over it. I learned a
lot from this last Candace thing
and just delivering this in a way
that I can until I feel comfortable
delivering it
because of the intensity of what
I'm seeing. And this is
amazing because it's involving every
nation almost other than Asia. I'm not
seeing Asia tonight. It's all involving
Ukraine and Putin and
Israel, America, the enemy within,
Red Dawn experiences, and all the things
that the Lord is showing me to protect.
Praying that you all pray over
your areas. Use your authority. The
angelic hosts are watching over us so that we
would uncover every plot, every plan
with drones and lone-wolf attacks,
that
we
will always be
attentive to our surroundings
in Jesus'name. And we'll pray again
tomorrow. We got to pray
every day, I believe, for this
Thanksgiving and for Black Friday. So,
it's a busy week. So, I appreciate every
one of you showing up and praying
with us. And this is including
Australia.
Every single nation needs to be
attentive.
Y'all got to pray about going your
Christmas shopping and watching your
kids. Don't let your kids just
wander.
Protect your children. What I
saw just a minute ago was somebody
running their car—a big looking
semi—into
crowds in Las Vegas. Again,
watch your surroundings, using cars as
weapons
in the
malls, Mall of America, in our airports.
So just watch and pray over
it. If you are living in that area,
drive around that mall and plead the
blood.
Pray over your malls. Pray over your
churches.
If you go to Steven Furtick's church,
pray over the church. Plead the blood of
Jesus over your churches, over Joel
Osteen's
church. Pray. Drive around
their churches. Just cover it. Father,
we plead the blood over where we
worship. No weapon formed against this
church will prosper, over our pastor,
over our associate pastors,
all over all of them. God's hand is
on our churches. We don't want any
calamity, anything coming around them.
Does that make sense? I hope I made
that really clear.
The enemy tries to have a plan, but God
has a greater plan. And their enemies
are
defeated by the blood of the Lamb. So we
see all these things, but we don't fear
them.
We know that He has a plan, or He
wouldn't show it to us to pray
for
protection over our people. So
that's how we'll close this
today. I'm getting tired, and
when I get tired, I need to stop. So
glory to God for every single one of
you, all 7,000 of you. Did I make that
clear enough? Son,
you're here. I don't have
Mom
here to help me.
So we know that there are a lot of plots
and plans here. And I see a lot with
Macron,
y'all. And
I'm telling you, the financing of that
is Black Swan events. I'm telling y'all,
this is a time to be very attentive.
The Olympics, the times ahead,
tunnels underneath Rome.
I didn't see Elon Musk as part of the
trafficking. No, that's not what I'm
saying.
Elon Musk is
a
funder
of the Antichrist system, the beast
system
with the chip and the
satellites. I don't see Elon
Musk as—he is the brains;
he's brilliant. He doesn't think on
this level.
It's like you have the funder who is able to create it, and then you have the
people
who
implement it.
But somebody had to have the brains to
make it.
As far as what I saw, it was Watergate,
a tech-savvy man. And
I have to use wisdom on some of
the things I say, but I'm just telling
you all to pray over these things.
Good God Almighty.
They're asking because of hybrid
thinking, like the people in Europe.
No, Europe was a man
with not as deep pockets.
That's why they're
saying that.
The
rich
people—one
of
the rich people
I saw, where the money was,
was a man in Asia.
A really rich man in Asia.
He's over a lot of stocks, and
he looks kind of like an
elf.
He talks to the devil, and there are two
demons like dragons behind him.
Then you have
Bill—I'm
not going to say his last name, so
you figure it
out—this
is
influenced by devils.
His name is Bill.
Then you have a name,
George—I
don't say his last
name—but
his son is worse than him.
I don't know why I always see him in
Europe; it's interesting.
But they have meetings with the devil. I
see them.
And so they have a lot of power
and a lot of influence.
It's not just normal money; they
have billions.
But then there's Elon, and Elon is
the brains behind this stuff. Does that
make sense? He's brilliant.
He's the richest man in the
world, but is he as
innocent as he portrays himself?
I don't know. All I saw was he is the
creator. His
mind is thinking differently; he
doesn't
think normally. He's a brilliant man.
But do I think he has meetings with
the devil? No, I haven't seen him having
a meeting with the devil. So I have to
make that clear. I've never seen, in
any vision or anything,
Elon Musk having any kind of
participation
with the devil, having a
meeting with him or anything. I think he
is the brains behind the beast system,
but I have not seen him having
a meeting with the devil, and I've not
seen him have anything to do with
trafficking.
I have to make that clear because that's
not fair to say. If you say, 'Is Elon
trafficking kids?'I did not see that.
I
have never seen
that about him.
I think he's
just very simple. Whenever I
pray about him, his mind is
influenced by the critters
to produce what he produces. He thinks
on a different level, but he
makes money. He's brilliant.
But I've never seen him do anything dark
like that. Every single time, it's around
George
that I see him doing witchcraft,
and Bill...
there's darkness
influencing.
If they're not doing it directly,
they're attached to somebody who is.
Does that make sense?
They may not be
doing rituals
to the devil, but they're just
attached to people who are.
But that one is George, and the one in
Asia—I
know that for a fact, as I've
seen them doing it.
They want to
play with fire, they'll be
burned. But the season of George
is about to come to an end. The Lord
said his days are numbered, but
He said, 'Brandon, what's coming behind him
is worse than
him.'Did
I answer the questions
right?
Yes.
So I try to make it as clear as I can. Macron
is
an
Ishmael
to the Antichrist. He'll come out,
and everyone will believe in
the days ahead that he is the Antichrist.
They'll all be like, 'This for sure is
him.'Watch
him. He'll come out as a
tyrant in the days ahead; he'll come out
even stronger. The Lord said it. He'll
be even
stronger about this, and so
we'll watch. Some people say, 'Well, I
don't know.'Well, we'll see. Keep
watching.
He'll come out dark.
Is
that
it?
I don't mind answering questions
if they're
not being obnoxious.
Sometimes the questions are
kind of obnoxious, but I don't mind
answering if
it's
a truthful question and not trying to
be rude.
I'm not afraid of it.
If I can't answer it, I can't.
Asian man? You want to know who the Asian
man is?
He is over tech; he's over
the finances.
I don't know his name.
I believe this is what
you're referring to.
That's
him.
He looks like an elf.
I'm bold; I don't care. That's what I
saw. He has two demons behind him, two
massive dragons,
and he has meetings with the devil.
Do
you see his eyes?
Do you all
have discernment? You can see it.
That man
talks
to critters.
That's what I saw, in my
opinion.
It's what I
believe.
Just like I think MBS is the
Antichrist; it's what I believe.
Because of my First Amendment rights, I
can say what I believe.
He's
a
top 10 richest Chinese billionaire.
But there were pillars of certain people
through every continent—they even
showed it through Africa
and South
America—and
the Lord showed me each and every single
individual one. They were all linked
to try to influence with their money
concerning... excuse me, this stuff
is carbonated.
I don't know if y'all can hear that,
but every time I bubble up
out of my chest,
I
burp loud. It's really
embarrassing. But that's what I
saw. And then now, see, I told you he'll
run to
Macron,
and there he is. Is that today?
No.
When
was that? A couple of days ago.
Well, it's happening.
'Yes,
please help me. Trump's turning his back
on me.'And then here comes
Macron.
They want war, war, war. And
he's cracking his whip. And that's when
I saw all Europe and what
happens.
Okay, you won't help us; we'll do our
own thing.
This is my question because I'm ignorant of
it:
can
they sustain the war without America?
Does Zelensky truly need us? Can
he do it with just
NATO?
Can they do the war, or
do they need us? Can England,
France, Germany, Italy, Poland,
and all of NATO fund and sustain
a war without America in it?
I don't know.
You all probably answer a lot
better than me. I don't know. But if
America is not behind it, can they do it
without us?
Because Zelensky, and remember I told you then
I
saw—okay,
I'll just be real bold
about something real quick. You want
me to be real bold?
Stupid me, probably. But I saw a plan of them
taking him out and
putting in a proxy government, and it was
an elderly man. I saw them
assassinating him,
and I won't tell you who is behind it.
You can put your own math together,
but he disappears.
I've had visions of him disappearing, and
they put an older man over it that is
pro-Russia, pro-Ukraine, and they try to
bring in peace that way. Will that
happen? I don't know because, like I said,
I always want to tell you all this:
when I see something, it changes.
I can see it, and prayer changes the
visions a lot of times. They
alter the more you pray. I can see into
it. And when you're praying in tongues
over there, I can see a course change.
But it's all a vision before me, and it's
pictures, but I can see things shifting.
I can see it moving. The more you pray
into it—that's why I talk about
finances. That's one of the things that
I talk about. The Lord will show me
things. But when he speaks it,
it's set in stone. It's done.
When he says to me, 'I got this,'or he'll
say—when
I'm not seeing it
in a vision, it's like I told Diana:
'If I don't see it in a vision and
I hear it, it's over
concerning judgments or things like
that.'If
he says it, it's over. It's not
a vision. If I hear it and it's clear
and a mantle comes on and it's
prophetic or whatever I'm hearing, he'll
say it and it's done. There's no change
in it. I would say it's almost
like it's stone. But when I'm seeing in
the spirit and I'm
praying like that, it's
altered. You can move it.
The wars, the rumors,
the drones—he's
shown it to you. This is a
plan, a plot. You're praying against it.
You can shift it and move it. Then you
say, 'Well, how come it didn't happen?
You saw it.'Because it's a vision. It's
changed. You're praying it
away. You're praying and moving things.
But when he says it, it's done. And
whenever he said Watergate, he said it.
It was not a vision. A vision came
after he said it: 'Watergate.
Pray against it and I'll show it to you
then.'Monica
Lewinsky, Marilyn Monroe. He
spoke it. A scandal.
A scandal.
So then he shows me who the scandal
is with. He shows me a plan and a plot
from the devil for lust, for adultery,
for these things, for a snare of
sexual misconduct with a
woman. And he shows
me the plan.
So you know, whatever.
And so I just go, 'This is what I
see.'And
then I saw about the same thing about
praying over Trump and praying over
these things. You know, it's
the job of the watchman. Prayer, prayer,
prayer. And that's why my
foundation is called 'Prayer Changes
Things'because
I truly believe with all
my heart that prayer changes things. And
I've seen it.
Every little path he shows me—that's why I don't see a vision as a prophecy; I see a vision as a means
to change prayer. And I say, 'This is what I see, this is what he's showing for 2026.'So
that's why
you all
say, 'Is Brandon a prophet?'I don't
consider myself a prophet because when a
prophet says it, it usually
comes
to pass, like Kim Clement. He sees
things.
But
what I'm bringing to you all the
time is altered in prayer a lot. And
people go, 'What about this? What about
that?'It's
happening, you see it, it's in
the news, but a lot of it is stuff we
don't want to see. I
feel like a lot of my job is prayer;
if it happens, you didn't do your job. But
there's so much to do and so much time
to pray, I could spend my whole life
in prayer.
But the Lord said, 'I want you to enjoy
things, Brandon. I bring it to you to
bring it to the
people.'The
same things about Candace Owens.
This is what's coming.
People go, 'Well, is it
Israel?'No.
That's why the Lord said a
conspiracy will not become so
much a conspiracy.
What is it about the conspiracy when
you're looking into the rabbit hole? So
much drama,
so much is going on. How much of it
is
real versus how much of it
clickbait
because it's what funds
money. Clicks are money with certain
people. Clicks
produce
business, and business produces
a Mercedes-Benz.
But how much of it
is
real
versus hype?
Because you can hype things up
just
because you want to stay
relevant
and you don't want to lose your clout.
You don't want to lose your platform
because after a while
you become yesterday's news.
But some people learn how
to stay in the limelight. But the Lord
has more to do with this woman. But what
will be a conspiracy
will end up not being a conspiracy.
Threats against her life. The Lord said
this will end up turning into—it will
cost her. Pray for her. And that's when
I saw the van. I saw something happen.
It was a major tragic accident. And the
Lord said, 'Pray for this.'So that's what
I'm trying to tell you all. I
believe we can alter it because God was
giving her a chance, saying, 'Hey, I want
to use you. I want to do more with
you.'But
everybody's going to say, 'You
are
instantaneously, Brandon,
aligning
against Israel because of what
she says.'I'm like, 'You all don't know
me. You truly don't.
I'm just trying to do my job.
It's not easy. I just go, this is
it.'But
I'm trying to tell you what's going
on in Ukraine. So if they end up
having a peace agreement, which I don't
believe they will from what I keep seeing
even tonight and the drones and black
swan events with the orange
beak—the
Lord keeps showing this over and over
again. And that man is not a
good man—Zelensky and the other one.
But it's like, okay,
if it was your sons and your daughters
fighting in this battle, it would be a
totally different story, but they don't
care.
So,
there you go. I try to be as real as I
can with y'all. I really do. I hope
you appreciate it.
They want to know about the line
when you saw MBS
and
the Muslim
Brotherhood. He said they'll
lie, whatever.
Yeah.
It's culture.
The Lord said it's culture—that because
you are not Muslim, we can lie to you.
That's what I was hearing.
So I saw them able to—and I
might be totally off, but that's what I
saw. And you say, 'Well, Brandon, that
doesn't align with Muslim
culture.'I
don't know. That's what I heard. So you
can say, 'Well, that's off.'Well, if it
is, then I apologize. But that's what I
heard, that they can lie to you. They are
lying to Trump because they have their
agenda, and it's to get what they
want, which is their
Mahdi.
So, we will make these agreements with
you financially, we'll do all this, but
there's a hidden meaning, and we want
Israel gone.
And this was the same
thing—and
it wasn't necessarily MBS that
would do this. It was the Syrian president.
I saw the Syrian president, the prime
minister, whoever he is over Syria with
the beard, was lying to Trump
about something. There was
a secret meeting
that he was having with Iran
and these other people with Hamas. 'How
do we do this?'They were wanting
to—and
the Lord said
they're
regrouping.
Yeah,
he said they're regrouping. And that's
why I wanted him to look up the word 'regroup'because I don't know—I'm
telling you, in my mind,
I don't know what
'regroup'is.
That's why I asked
Diana all these questions. What is
'regroup'? They said, 'We're
regrouping,'and
I saw them gathering missiles. They're
gathering their intel. That man's
bad.
That man's a bad man.
He is a bad man, y'all.
They were regrouping, getting ready
for another surprise attack. And it's
going to happen at night against Israel.
They're waiting to strike again,
and this time it will be worse than any
October 7th you can imagine.
They're waiting. They want retaliation
for Iran and what's happened to Gaza.
Reassemble, or cause
to
reassemble into organized groups.
Typically after being attacked or
defeated, they regroup.
They're
regrouping; that's exactly the word the
Holy Spirit used. They're regrouping
right now,
and it's a brotherhood.
You're an infidel.
Is that all they want?
They're asking about England. Did
they go to war? They're asking about
that. They're asking about Taylor
Greene.
And then they're asking about Germany.
What did he show you about Germany?
Germany was involved
with what I saw in the vision right
then. Germany was involved with Emmanuel
Macron, and
they want
to—it's
about the money.
It's the flow of the money.
And there was a funneling of dirty
money. And it was all okay. And this
is what I saw. Germany was making
the sacrifices with these virgin girls.
Somebody was in Berlin at an altar with
a black onyx knife, and they were
trying to
reconjure up through demonic things to
bring forth the Hitler spirit over this
war
with demonic practice to bring forth the
Hitler spirit because they wanted that
type of war, World War II. So,
what I saw, I saw demonic
practice going on, and it looked like
the lights were off. It looked like a
stone altar. I saw this, and blood
was being shed. So, it was sex
trafficking and all this stuff going
through Europe. But then whenever this
happened, they were all co-aligned
with trying to bring forth the
new digital era with money and all
the stuff that's happening.
The euro is in trouble. Things are in
trouble. Financials are in trouble.
So, Germany was involved.
I'm curious of what the opening ceremony
will look like for the Olympics on
February 3rd. What
are they going to do? You know, if you
look at—show them the picture of the
ball.
I'll take a little bit more time. Do you
want to take a little bit more time?
I'll show you something I've been
studying.
I usually don't. This is something else
to
pray about. I wasn't going to do it,
but you know, whatever. Y'all hanging
out with me. Look at this. The Lord
drew
my attention to this.
I think different, y'all. But there's
this.
And this is serious,
y'all.
Do they see it? Okay.
I probably shouldn't bring this in
here today.
Do you see that chart behind there?
That's a 1930s chart. The Lord told me to look up
the
1930 chart when the Great Depression
happened.
And that's the chart, the actual chart
behind it. Now Xi Jinping and Putin and
mind control. You see the
mind and the control right there. Can
you move it down?
You
see the control of the
mind and the 250 years and all the
symbolism and the new drugs and then
trade wars against America with
that
and
there's so much symbolism here
of what I believe. Every time they're
communicating—with
the judges
breaking in America, with the dollar
cracking,
the World Cup. I've told you to watch the
World Cup over and over and over
again. See them kicking the ball?
That's a soccer ball in the World Cups
next year.
See the wine glasses?
What have I told you about the wine
glasses with the gold trim? Very
interesting. It's next to Trump.
Yeah, it's dumped by his feet. There's a
wine glass upside down, dumping.
I think that's interesting because the
Lord specifically told me, 'Watch the
wine, the glass.'But Trump
doesn't
drink. But it was a golden glass. And I
thought, 'Well, that's so
weird.'Modi's
standing behind him. And who's the
blonde girl? I thought that was
interesting. I thought that's Erica.
Is that Erica or is it the girl that's
resigning in January?
Taylor
Greene.
I thought it was either Erica or Taylor
She's dressed in red.
And there's only one black and red pill
next to President Trump out of all those
pills. And they're saying they're
releasing the diet pills, and it'll be a
year of diet pills to get people's
weight off. And I warned you about the
diet pill and the Ozempic and all the
things concerning the shot, and I say
about the new virus coming.
See, there's Zelensky over there by
himself.
And there's a Russian spy
submarine coming up there looking
around.
I just think it's interesting,
ice melting, as a fight
against ice.
I don't know of any big major boxing
matches, but why are the red
balloons? And
you see the red balloons. You see
the voting for this year, for
the
midterms with the X on there
and everything. So it's just
me. This is stuff... this is what I do for
fun
because
I know these people
are evil and I know they think on a
different level of what they're doing,
and it's all about the darkness
to them. The Illuminati and the
darkness.
And I just go, 'Okay, well I know God
has a plan and he's got one bigger
than what they got.'So, I just go...
that's why I pray all the time and
the Lord shows me what he shows me. But
I'm always curious. What are these
evildoers doing? What are they up to
today? Braden gets into it with me.
Diana's not into it, but I just go...
you know, I've done
this for years. I study things. My
mind thinks different. I just go, you
know,
Oh, man. Oh, glory to Jesus. Well, we
love you all. I'm tired. I'm going to
go. We'll pray again tomorrow. You
can pray with me and we'll just keep
praying over this Thanksgiving break
for the people. That man right
there, that man from Assyria, is a
bad man.
You can see it in his face.
They are regrouping.
Turkey, and then watch what happens in
the days ahead.
Watch this. God is so good and we are
going to have the greatest revival
though. I'll close it with that. And so
we love you. Thank you for joining us
again tonight.
Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you all and we'll
see you again tomorrow. Bye bye.